add blog (#1)
souravjain540/review-blog: jsdom-based-scraping copy/index.md

This article will discuss a new approach that we use in one of our Actors to obtain the authentication data from TikTok ads creative centre generated by browser web applications without actually running the browser but instead of it, using JSDOM.

## Analysing the website

When you visit on this URL:

`https://ads.tiktok.com/business/creativecenter/inspiration/popular/hashtag/pc/en`

You will see a list of hashtags with their live ranking, number of posts they have, trend chart, creators and their analytics. You can also notice that we can filter the industry, set the time period, and and a check box to filter if trend is new to top 100 or not.

![tiktok-trends](./images/tiktok-trends.webp)

Our goal here is to extract top 100 hashtags from the list with the given filters. 

The best approach would be to use CheerioCrawler and the second one will be using browser based scraping. 

> Cheerio is not the best option here as it is a web application, and the data source is API, so we can only get the hashtags initially present in the HTML structure but not each of the 100 as we require.

Reviewer: On one line we're saying that cheerio is best, on the other line we're saying that cheerio is not the best 😅

Reviewer: Also be super careful about the "as it is a web application". It makes it sound like Cheerio is a web application. Not a huge deal, but the dangerous thing is that when you submit this for editing, they probably won't catch the issue, because they don't know the technical detail.

But it won’t work until we get the headers. So let’s create a function that will first create a session using sessionPool and proxyConfiguration.

```js
export const createSessionFunction = async (sessionPool, proxyConfiguration) => {
    const proxyUrl = await proxyConfiguration.newUrl(Math.random().toString());
    const url = 'https://ads.tiktok.com/business/creativecenter/inspiration/popular/hashtag/pad/en';
    // need url with data to generate token
    const response = await gotScraping({ url, proxyUrl });
    const headers = await getApiUrlWithVerificationToken(response.body.toString(), url);
    if (!headers) {
        throw new Error(`Token generation blocked`);
    }
    log.info(`Generated API verification headers`, Object.values(headers));
    return new Session({
        userData: {
            headers,
        },
        sessionPool,
    });
};
```
In this function, the main goal is to call `https://ads.tiktok.com/business/creativecenter/inspiration/popular/hashtag/pad/en
` and get headers in return. To get the headers we are using `getApiUrlWithVerificationToken` function.

Let’s see what’s there in this function:

```js

> const getApiUrlWithVerificationToken = async (body, url) => {

Reviewer: So this is a function that we pulled from the websites JS code? Would be great to mention it more specifically. 

Or did we write the function?

    log.info(`Getting API session`);
    const virtualConsole = new VirtualConsole();
    const { window } = new JSDOM(body, {
        url,
        contentType: 'text/html',
        runScripts: 'dangerously',
        resources: 'usable' || new CustomResourceLoader(),
        // ^ 'usable' faster than custom and works wo canvas
        pretendToBeVisual: false,
        virtualConsole,
    });
    virtualConsole.on('error', () => {
        // ignore errors cause by fake XMLHttpRequest
    });

>     // might need stubs for custom resources https://github.com/apify/crawlee/blob/f35b80501d1f926935fb75a875009a2cfabd31d5/packages/jsdom-crawler/src/internals/jsdom-crawler.ts#L232

Reviewer 2: remove "might need stubs for custom resources" - not needed so far, therefore just confusing

    const apiHeaderKeys = ['anonymous-user-id', 'timestamp', 'user-sign'];
    const apiValues = {};
    let retries = 10;
    // api calls made outside of fetch, hack below is to get URL without actual call
    window.XMLHttpRequest.prototype.setRequestHeader = (name, value) => {
        if (apiHeaderKeys.includes(name)) {
            apiValues[name] = value;
        }
        if (Object.values(apiValues).length === apiHeaderKeys.length) {
            retries = 0;
        }
    };
    window.XMLHttpRequest.prototype.open = (method, urlToOpen) => {
        if (['static', 'scontent'].find((x) => urlToOpen.startsWith(`https://${x}`))) {
            // return Promise.resolve(Buffer.from(''));
        }
        log.debug('urlToOpen', urlToOpen);

>         // return new window.XMLHttpRequest();

Reviewer: What are the commented returns for? Should the be used or not?

    };
    do {
        await sleep(4000);
        retries--;
    } while (retries > 0);

    await window.close();
    return apiValues;
};
```

> In this function, we are creating a virtual console and uses `CustomResourceLoader` to run the background process and replace the browser with JSDOM.
> 
> For this particular examples we need three headers mandatory to make the API call and that are `anonymous-user-id`, `timestamp`, and `user-sign`. 

Reviewer: There are typos or small english mistakes in other parts of this blog as well, but this particular section has 4 of them. Be more careful.

```suggestion
In this function, we are creating a virtual console that uses `CustomResourceLoader` to run the background process and replace the browser with JSDOM.

For this particular example we need three mandatory headers to make the API call and those are `anonymous-user-id`, `timestamp`, and `user-sign`. 
```

        const { userData } = request;
        const { itemsCounter = 0, resultsLimit = 0 } = userData;
        if (!json.data) {
            throw new Error('BLOCKED');
        }
        const { data } = json;
        const items = data.list;
        const counter = itemsCounter + items.length;
        const dataItems = items.slice(0, resultsLimit && counter > resultsLimit ? resultsLimit - itemsCounter : undefined);
        await Actor.pushData(dataItems);
        const { pagination: { page, total } } = data;
        log.info(`Scraped ${dataItems.length} results out of ${total} from search page ${page}`);
        const isResultsLimitNotReached = counter < Math.min(total, resultsLimit);
        if (isResultsLimitNotReached && data.pagination.has_more) {
            const nextUrl = new URL(request.url);
            nextUrl.searchParams.set('page', page + 1);
            await crawler.addRequests([{
                url: nextUrl.toString(),
                headers: request.headers,
                userData: {
                    ...request.userData,
                    itemsCounter: itemsCounter + dataItems.length,
                },
            }]);
        }
    },
});
```

> In last, one thing important to note is that we want to make any amount of API class. In this example we started with just one request and a single session, but can be any amount. When the first api call is completed it creates second api call, not more since we are expecting all data from two api calls. But if in the future we will need to call other api calls we can do so. 

Reviewer: I know the whole article will get edited, but this part needs it a lot.

To make things more clear, here is how code flow looks:

![code flow](./images/code-flow.webp)

## Conclusion

This approach helps us to get a third way to extract the authentication data without actually using browser and pass the data to CheerioCrawler. This significantly improves the performance, reduces the RAM requirement by 50%, and while browser based scraping performance is 10 times slower than pure Cheerio, JSDOM do it just 3-4 times slower, which makes it 2-3 times faster than browser based scraping.

> We used our open source library Crawlee in this example, feel free to checkout the project and give us a star. The codebase of the project is already [uploaded here](https://console.apify.com/admin/users/wM4FzNZqJ8zKeBi7x/actors/6TUCqrM9GuOZsbYnp/source), for any queries, [join our discord community](https://apify.com/fis).

Reviewer: Let's use GitHub to share the code instead of an Actor. The Actor's code won't be visible to people who aren't Apify admins 😅

Author: yeah yeah, posted it for you actually :D
